#summary Armado del ambiente.
#labels Inicios

= Introduction =

Se detallan las herramientas de desarrollo que se utilizan.

= J2EE =

*Download:* http://download.eclipse.org/webtools/repository/helios/
instalar ultimas versiones de cada uno

= SVN = 

Help->Install new software
workwith: http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.6.x
instalar todo.

show views: svn repository
	crear uno nuevo:
		location: https://mg-bdoo-tp-items.googlecode.com/svn

usuario: email (sin @gmail.com)
password: ir a Profile->settings (se genera automaticamente)
		
= Tomcat =

*Download:* http://tomcat.apache.org/download-70.cgi

= Spring = 

*Download:* http://springide.org/updatesite

Spring IDE Core

*Configurar Spring-Tomcat:*

http://www.bigsoft.co.uk/blog/index.php/2008/08/10/configuring-eclipse-tomcat-spring

= DB4O =

*Download:* http://www.db4o.com/

*Totorial:* db4o-8.0\doc\tutorial\db4o-8.0-tutorial.pdf

_Object Manager Enterprise installation:_

Object Manager Enterprise (OME) is an object browser for db4o databases. OME installation can be
found in /ome folder of the distribution. The zip file in this folder contains the Eclipse plugin version of
OME.

To install the plugin, you need to have a version of Eclipse >= 3.3 installed. Unzip the file to a folder of
your choice. Then open Eclipse, select 'Help' -> 'Software Updates...' -> 'Available Software' from the
menu. Choose 'Add Site...' -> 'Local...' and select the unzipped folder. Follow the Eclipse Update

= Struts 2 =

Se configuro el framework MVC "Struts 2" en la aplicacion, con un hola mundo y una pantalla de login de ejemplo.